javascript-console-share/README.md, before:


Javascript Console Admin Console component for Alfresco Share
=============================================================

Author: Florian Maul

This project defines a Javascript Console component for Share's Administration Console,
that enables the execution of arbitrary javascript code in the repository. 


Installation
------------

The component has been developed to install on top of an existing Alfresco
4.0, 4.1 or 4.2 installation. The javascript-console-share-<version>.amp needs
to be installed into the Alfresco Share webapp using the Alfresco Module Management Tool:

    java -jar alfresco-mmt.jar install javascript-console-share-<version>.amp /path/to/share.war
  
You can also use the Alfresco Maven SDK to install or overlay the AMP during the build of a
Share WAR project. See https://artifacts.alfresco.com/nexus/content/repositories/alfresco-docs/alfresco-lifecycle-aggregator/latest/plugins/alfresco-maven-plugin/advanced-usage.html
for details.

Building
--------

To build the module and its AMP / JAR files, run the following command from the base 
project directory:

    mvn install

The command builds two JAR files named javascript-console-share-<version>.jar and
javascript-console-share-<version>-sources.jar as well as javascript-console-share-<version>.amp
in the 'target' directory within your project.

If you want to build the module so it can be installed and run in an Alfresco 4.0 / 4.1 server
running on Java 6 you need to have a Java 6 JDK available. Either make sure that your JDK 6 is set
as the default Java environment (PATH / JAVA_HOME environment variable) or run the build with the
following command from the base project directory:

    mvn install -P Java6-crossCompile -Djdk6.executable=/path/to/javac


Using the component
-------------------

Log in to Alfresco Share as an admin user and navigate to the Administration
page. Click 'Javascript Console' in the left hand side navigation.

Commit message:

Added information on how to hot deploy to Alfresco

javascript-console-share/README.md, after:


Javascript Console Admin Console component for Alfresco Share
=============================================================

Author: Florian Maul

This project defines a Javascript Console component for Share's Administration Console,
that enables the execution of arbitrary javascript code in the repository. 


Installation
------------

The component has been developed to install on top of an existing Alfresco
4.0, 4.1 or 4.2 installation. The javascript-console-share-<version>.amp needs
to be installed into the Alfresco Share webapp using the Alfresco Module Management Tool:

    java -jar alfresco-mmt.jar install javascript-console-share-<version>.amp /path/to/share.war
  
You can also use the Alfresco Maven SDK to install or overlay the AMP during the build of a
Share WAR project. See https://artifacts.alfresco.com/nexus/content/repositories/alfresco-docs/alfresco-lifecycle-aggregator/latest/plugins/alfresco-maven-plugin/advanced-usage.html
for details.

Building
--------

To build the module and its AMP / JAR files, run the following command from the base 
project directory:

    mvn install

The command builds two JAR files named javascript-console-share-<version>.jar and
javascript-console-share-<version>-sources.jar as well as javascript-console-share-<version>.amp
in the 'target' directory within your project.

To hotdeploy to a local alfresco installation you can use the alfresco:install
command to deploy the Javascript Console directly to a WAR file or an exploded war folder:

    mvn package alfresco:install -Dmaven.alfresco.warLocation=/path/to/tomcat/webapps/share.war

If you want to build the module so it can be installed and run in an Alfresco 4.0 / 4.1 server
running on Java 6 you need to have a Java 6 JDK available. Either make sure that your JDK 6 is set
as the default Java environment (PATH / JAVA_HOME environment variable) or run the build with the
following command from the base project directory:

    mvn install -P Java6-crossCompile -Djdk6.executable=/path/to/javac


Using the component
-------------------

Log in to Alfresco Share as an admin user and navigate to the Administration
page. Click 'Javascript Console' in the left hand side navigation.
